
(Show web page)
The buisiness i choose for my assignment is a coffee wholesaler, with the name Project Zero Coffee.


(Show ERD JPG)
This ERD shows the breakdown of the Org and its processes. 
Starting with retail Customers accounts and coresponding contact details. 

a contract is made with each retailer regarding their specific discount rates in order to generate a price book. 

Using that price rates the customers then place an order for their desired products
The products themselves are stored in a warehouse that gets periodically refilled.


(show datamodel)
I created a seperate playground to prevent any changes i make in this org to my class account or traihead badge account.
Here is the salesforce version of the model. 

I started by creating my own objects for this project but found that the standard objects worked better with some minor adjustments. 

One change is I have added a UPC field on products, which show up on the orders. 
I have then moved around some fields in order to better display the new information. 
I have changed the Organization Wide default on account record allowing all the users to be able to share access to them.


(show roles)
I also set up three additional users in order for each of them to handle different jobs.
System Administrator and Operations are under the Cheif Operating Officer. 
The COO and Cheif Financial Offer are under the CEO. 


(show profile)
Have given the users appropriate login hours and IP ranges. 

(minimize)

(show contracts)
The Cheif Financial Officer is the only user that is able to create and edit contracts.
(show products)
While the Cheif Operation Officer is the only user that is able to create and edit products.

(show opp)
(coffee)
Operations primarily to process purchase orders and has additional restrictions on the the fields they are able to access.
(recently viewed)
As well as modified record type.
(field order)
I also gave them a Global Action shortcut key and made a Lightning app Dynamic form showing them orders to process.




